now Ben Heder the king of Syria gathered
now Ben Heder the king of Syria gathered all his forces together 32 Kings were
all his forces together 32 Kings were
all his forces together 32 Kings were with him with horses and chariots and he
with him with horses and chariots and he
with him with horses and chariots and he went up and besieged Samaria and made
went up and besieged Samaria and made
went up and besieged Samaria and made war against
war against
war against [Music]
[Music]
[Music] then he sent messengers into the city to
then he sent messengers into the city to
then he sent messengers into the city to ahab king of israel and said to him thus
ahab king of israel and said to him thus
ahab king of israel and said to him thus says ben hey dad your silver and your
says ben hey dad your silver and your
says ben hey dad your silver and your gold are mine your loveliest wives and
gold are mine your loveliest wives and
gold are mine your loveliest wives and children are mine and the king of israel
children are mine and the king of israel
children are mine and the king of israel answered my lord o king just as you say
answered my lord o king just as you say
answered my lord o king just as you say i and all that i have are yours then the
i and all that i have are yours then the
i and all that i have are yours then the messengers came back and said thus
messengers came back and said thus
messengers came back and said thus speaks ben hey dad saying indeed i have
speaks ben hey dad saying indeed i have
speaks ben hey dad saying indeed i have sent to you saying you shall deliver to
sent to you saying you shall deliver to
sent to you saying you shall deliver to me your silver and your gold your wives
me your silver and your gold your wives
me your silver and your gold your wives and your children but i will send my
and your children but i will send my
and your children but i will send my servants to you tomorrow about this time
servants to you tomorrow about this time
servants to you tomorrow about this time and they shall search your house and the
and they shall search your house and the
and they shall search your house and the houses of your servants and it shall be
houses of your servants and it shall be
houses of your servants and it shall be that whatever is pleasant in your eyes
that whatever is pleasant in your eyes
that whatever is pleasant in your eyes they will put in their hands and take it
so the king of israel called all the
so the king of israel called all the elders of the land notice please and see
elders of the land notice please and see
elders of the land notice please and see how this man seeks trouble for he sent
how this man seeks trouble for he sent
how this man seeks trouble for he sent to me for my wives my children my silver
to me for my wives my children my silver
to me for my wives my children my silver and my gold and i did not deny him and
and my gold and i did not deny him and
and my gold and i did not deny him and all the elders and all the people said
all the elders and all the people said
all the elders and all the people said to him do not listen or consent
to him do not listen or consent
to him do not listen or consent therefore he said to the messengers of
therefore he said to the messengers of
therefore he said to the messengers of ben-hadad tell my lord the king all that
ben-hadad tell my lord the king all that
ben-hadad tell my lord the king all that you sent for to your servant the first
you sent for to your servant the first
you sent for to your servant the first time i will do but this I cannot do and
time i will do but this I cannot do and
time i will do but this I cannot do and the messengers departed and brought back
the messengers departed and brought back
the messengers departed and brought back word to him
word to him
word to him [Music]
[Music]
[Music] then ben-hadad
then ben-hadad
then ben-hadad sent to him and said the gods do so to
sent to him and said the gods do so to
sent to him and said the gods do so to me and more also if he left dust is left
me and more also if he left dust is left
me and more also if he left dust is left of Samaria for a handful for each of the
of Samaria for a handful for each of the
of Samaria for a handful for each of the people who follow me tell him let not
people who follow me tell him let not
people who follow me tell him let not the one who puts on his Armour boast
the one who puts on his Armour boast
the one who puts on his Armour boast like the one who takes it and it
like the one who takes it and it
like the one who takes it and it happened when ben-hadad heard this
happened when ben-hadad heard this
happened when ben-hadad heard this message that he and the kings were
message that he and the kings were
message that he and the kings were drinking at the command post that he
drinking at the command post that he
drinking at the command post that he said to his servants get ready and they
said to his servants get ready and they
said to his servants get ready and they got ready to attack the city suddenly a
got ready to attack the city suddenly a
got ready to attack the city suddenly a prophet approached a king of Israel thus
prophet approached a king of Israel thus
prophet approached a king of Israel thus says the Lord have you seen all this
says the Lord have you seen all this
says the Lord have you seen all this great multitude behold I will deliver it
great multitude behold I will deliver it
great multitude behold I will deliver it into your hand today and you shall know
into your hand today and you shall know
into your hand today and you shall know that i am the lord by whom thus says the
that i am the lord by whom thus says the
that i am the lord by whom thus says the lord by the young leaders of the
lord by the young leaders of the
lord by the young leaders of the provinces who will set the battle in
provinces who will set the battle in
provinces who will set the battle in order
[Music]
[Music] then he mustered the young leaders of
then he mustered the young leaders of
then he mustered the young leaders of the provinces and there were 232 and
the provinces and there were 232 and
the provinces and there were 232 and after them he mustered all the people
after them he mustered all the people
after them he mustered all the people all the children of Israel 7,000 so they
all the children of Israel 7,000 so they
all the children of Israel 7,000 so they went out at noon
went out at noon
went out at noon meanwhile been hey Dad and the 32 Kings
meanwhile been hey Dad and the 32 Kings
meanwhile been hey Dad and the 32 Kings helping him were getting drunk at the
helping him were getting drunk at the
helping him were getting drunk at the command post the young leaders of the
command post the young leaders of the
command post the young leaders of the provinces went out first and been hey
provinces went out first and been hey
provinces went out first and been hey Dad
Dad
Dad sent out a patrol and they told him men
sent out a patrol and they told him men
sent out a patrol and they told him men are coming out of Samaria if they have
are coming out of Samaria if they have
are coming out of Samaria if they have come out for peace take them alive
come out for peace take them alive
come out for peace take them alive and if they have come out for war take
and if they have come out for war take
and if they have come out for war take them alive then these young leaders of
them alive then these young leaders of
them alive then these young leaders of the provinces went out of the city with
the provinces went out of the city with
the provinces went out of the city with the army which followed them and each
the army which followed them and each
the army which followed them and each one killed his man so the Syrians fled
one killed his man so the Syrians fled
one killed his man so the Syrians fled and Israel pursued them and then haida
and Israel pursued them and then haida
and Israel pursued them and then haida the king of Syria escaped on a force
the king of Syria escaped on a force
the king of Syria escaped on a force with the cavalry and the king of Israel
with the cavalry and the king of Israel
with the cavalry and the king of Israel went out and attacked the horses and
went out and attacked the horses and
went out and attacked the horses and chariots and killed the Syrians with a
chariots and killed the Syrians with a
chariots and killed the Syrians with a great slaughter and the Prophet came to
great slaughter and the Prophet came to
great slaughter and the Prophet came to the king of Israel and said to him go
the king of Israel and said to him go
the king of Israel and said to him go strengthen yourself take note and see
strengthen yourself take note and see
strengthen yourself take note and see what you should do for in the spring of
what you should do for in the spring of
what you should do for in the spring of the year the king of Syria will come up
the year the king of Syria will come up
the year the king of Syria will come up against you then the servants of the
against you then the servants of the
against you then the servants of the king of Syria said to him their guards
king of Syria said to him their guards
king of Syria said to him their guards are gods of the hills therefore they
are gods of the hills therefore they
are gods of the hills therefore they were stronger than we but if we fight
were stronger than we but if we fight
were stronger than we but if we fight against them in the plain surely we will
against them in the plain surely we will
against them in the plain surely we will be stronger than they so do this thing
be stronger than they so do this thing
be stronger than they so do this thing dismiss the Kings each from his position
dismiss the Kings each from his position
dismiss the Kings each from his position and put captains in their places and you
and put captains in their places and you
and put captains in their places and you shall muster an army like the army that
shall muster an army like the army that
shall muster an army like the army that you have lost horse for horse and
you have lost horse for horse and
you have lost horse for horse and chariot for chariot then we will fight
chariot for chariot then we will fight
chariot for chariot then we will fight against them in the plain surely we will
against them in the plain surely we will
against them in the plain surely we will be stronger than they
be stronger than they
be stronger than they and he listened to their voice and did
and he listened to their voice and did
and he listened to their voice and did so so it was in the spring of the year
so so it was in the spring of the year
so so it was in the spring of the year that Ben Hadad mustered the Syrians and
that Ben Hadad mustered the Syrians and
that Ben Hadad mustered the Syrians and went up to a 'fuck to fight against
went up to a 'fuck to fight against
went up to a 'fuck to fight against Israel and the children of Israel were
Israel and the children of Israel were
Israel and the children of Israel were mustered and given provisions and they
mustered and given provisions and they
mustered and given provisions and they went against them now the children of
went against them now the children of
went against them now the children of Israel encamped before them like two
Israel encamped before them like two
Israel encamped before them like two little flocks of goats while the Syrians
little flocks of goats while the Syrians
little flocks of goats while the Syrians filled the countryside then a man of God
filled the countryside then a man of God
filled the countryside then a man of God came and spoke to the king of Israel
came and spoke to the king of Israel
came and spoke to the king of Israel thus says the Lord because the Syrians
thus says the Lord because the Syrians
thus says the Lord because the Syrians have said the Lord is God of the hills
have said the Lord is God of the hills
have said the Lord is God of the hills but he is not God of the valleys
but he is not God of the valleys
but he is not God of the valleys therefore I will deliver all this great
therefore I will deliver all this great
therefore I will deliver all this great multitude into your hand and you shall
multitude into your hand and you shall
multitude into your hand and you shall know that I am the lord and they
know that I am the lord and they
know that I am the lord and they encamped opposite each other for seven
encamped opposite each other for seven
encamped opposite each other for seven days so it was that on the seventh day
days so it was that on the seventh day
days so it was that on the seventh day the battle was joined and the children
the battle was joined and the children
the battle was joined and the children of Israel killed one hundred thousand
of Israel killed one hundred thousand
of Israel killed one hundred thousand foot soldiers of the Syrians in one day
foot soldiers of the Syrians in one day
foot soldiers of the Syrians in one day but the rest fled to a thief into the
but the rest fled to a thief into the
but the rest fled to a thief into the city then a wall fell on 27 thousand
and ben-hadad fled and went into the
and ben-hadad fled and went into the city into an inner chamber then his
city into an inner chamber then his
city into an inner chamber then his servant said to him look now we have
servant said to him look now we have
servant said to him look now we have heard that the kings of the house of
heard that the kings of the house of
heard that the kings of the house of Israel are merciful Kings
Israel are merciful Kings
Israel are merciful Kings please let us put sackcloth around our
please let us put sackcloth around our
please let us put sackcloth around our waist and ropes around our heads and go
waist and ropes around our heads and go
waist and ropes around our heads and go out to the king of Israel perhaps he
out to the king of Israel perhaps he
out to the king of Israel perhaps he will spare your life
will spare your life
will spare your life so they worse a cloth around their
so they worse a cloth around their
so they worse a cloth around their waists and put ropes around their heads
waists and put ropes around their heads
waists and put ropes around their heads and came to the king of Israel and said
and came to the king of Israel and said
and came to the king of Israel and said your servant then hey Dad says please
your servant then hey Dad says please
your servant then hey Dad says please let me live is he still alive he is my
let me live is he still alive he is my
let me live is he still alive he is my brother now the men were watching
brother now the men were watching
brother now the men were watching closely to see whether any sign of mercy
closely to see whether any sign of mercy
closely to see whether any sign of mercy would come from him and they quickly
would come from him and they quickly
would come from him and they quickly grasped at this word your brother Ben
grasped at this word your brother Ben
grasped at this word your brother Ben hate him go bring him then Ben Hadad
hate him go bring him then Ben Hadad
hate him go bring him then Ben Hadad came out to him and he had him come up
came out to him and he had him come up
came out to him and he had him come up into the chariot so Ben Hadad said to
into the chariot so Ben Hadad said to
into the chariot so Ben Hadad said to him the cities which my father took from
him the cities which my father took from
him the cities which my father took from your father I will restore and you may
your father I will restore and you may
your father I will restore and you may set up marketplaces for yourself in
set up marketplaces for yourself in
set up marketplaces for yourself in Damascus because my father did in
Damascus because my father did in
Damascus because my father did in Samaria I will send you away with this
Samaria I will send you away with this
Samaria I will send you away with this treaty so he made a treaty with him and
treaty so he made a treaty with him and
treaty so he made a treaty with him and sent him away
now a certain man of the sons of the
now a certain man of the sons of the prophets said to his neighbor by the
prophets said to his neighbor by the
prophets said to his neighbor by the word of the Lord
word of the Lord
word of the Lord strike me please and the man refused to
strike me please and the man refused to
strike me please and the man refused to strike him because you have not obeyed
strike him because you have not obeyed
strike him because you have not obeyed the voice of the Lord surely as soon as
the voice of the Lord surely as soon as
the voice of the Lord surely as soon as you depart from me a lion shall kill you
you depart from me a lion shall kill you
you depart from me a lion shall kill you and as soon as he left him a lion found
and as soon as he left him a lion found
and as soon as he left him a lion found him and killed him and he found another
him and killed him and he found another
him and killed him and he found another man strike me please
man strike me please
man strike me please so the man struck him inflicting a wound
so the man struck him inflicting a wound
so the man struck him inflicting a wound then the prophet departed and waited for
then the prophet departed and waited for
then the prophet departed and waited for the king by the road and disguised
the king by the road and disguised
the king by the road and disguised himself with a bandage over his eyes now
himself with a bandage over his eyes now
himself with a bandage over his eyes now as the King passed by he cried out to
as the King passed by he cried out to
as the King passed by he cried out to the king
the king
the king your servant went out into the midst of
your servant went out into the midst of
your servant went out into the midst of the battle and there a man came over and
the battle and there a man came over and
the battle and there a man came over and brought a man to me and said guard this
brought a man to me and said guard this
brought a man to me and said guard this man if by any means he is missing your
man if by any means he is missing your
man if by any means he is missing your life shall be for his life or else you
life shall be for his life or else you
life shall be for his life or else you shall pay a talent of silver while your
shall pay a talent of silver while your
shall pay a talent of silver while your servant was busy here and there he was
servant was busy here and there he was
servant was busy here and there he was gone then the king of Israel said to him
gone then the king of Israel said to him
gone then the king of Israel said to him so shall your judgment be you yourself
so shall your judgment be you yourself
so shall your judgment be you yourself have decided it and he hastened to take
have decided it and he hastened to take
have decided it and he hastened to take the bandage away from his eyes and the
the bandage away from his eyes and the
the bandage away from his eyes and the king of Israel recognised him as one of
king of Israel recognised him as one of
king of Israel recognised him as one of the prophets thus says the Lord because
the prophets thus says the Lord because
the prophets thus says the Lord because you have let slip out of your hand a man
you have let slip out of your hand a man
you have let slip out of your hand a man whom I appointed to utter destruction
whom I appointed to utter destruction
whom I appointed to utter destruction therefore your life shall go for his
therefore your life shall go for his
therefore your life shall go for his life and your people for his people
life and your people for his people
life and your people for his people so the king of Israel went to his house
so the king of Israel went to his house
so the king of Israel went to his house solemn and displeased and came to
solemn and displeased and came to
solemn and displeased and came to Samaria
Samaria
Samaria [Music]